Keyword,Content
"History","The Kammavari Sangham, a non-profit voluntary service organization founded in 1952, established KSIT on October 11, 1999. The goal of the institution is to provide value-based technical education. The Sangham also manages scholarships, free hostels, and cultural centers. KSIT has modern infrastructure and strong ties with industry, ensuring academic and professional excellence."
"Course","Undergraduate Programs (B.E./B.Tech): 1. Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) 2. Information Science and Engineering (ISE) 3. Electronics and Communication Engineering (ECE) 4. Electrical and Electronics Engineering (EEE) 5. Civil Engineering (CE) 6. Mechanical Engineering (ME) 7. Artificial Intelligence and Data Science (AI & DS) 8. IoT, Cyber Security, and Blockchain Technology (ICB). Postgraduate Programs (M.Tech): 1. Computer Science and Engineering (CSE) 2. Digital Communication and Networking (DCN) 3. Structural Engineering (SE) 4. Power Electronics (PE)"
"Admissions","Admission to UG courses is through Common Entrance Test (UGCET) conducted by KEA or UGET by COMEDK. - Management quota admissions are based on merit and ranks from UGCET, UGET, or JEE. - Eligibility: Candidates must pass 10+2 with Physics, Chemistry, and Mathematics, scoring at least 45% aggregate (40% for SC/ST/OBC)."
"Facilities","Hostels: Separate hostels for boys and girls, close to campus, with top-class, hygienic facilities, round-the-clock security, and a ragging-free environment. - Sports: Modern facilities for basketball, volleyball, badminton, table tennis, cricket, and more. KSIT has won awards for sports excellence. - Infrastructure: Spacious classrooms, state-of-the-art labs, seminar halls, and a well-stocked library with books, journals, and digital resources."
"Placements"," KSIT has a dedicated placement cell connecting students with companies like Cognizant, Dell, HCL, Bosch, and Toyota. - Procedure: Recruiters are invited for campus placement drives, where they interact with students and conduct hiring activities. - Track Record: KSIT has consistently provided quality placements, preparing students with workshops and industry exposure."
"Recruiters","Cognizant, Dell, HCL, Tech Mahindra, Bosch, Toyota, Supraji Technology, and more."
"Contact","Phone: 9900710055 E-mail: principal@ksit.edu.in"
"Address","K.S. Institute of Technology, No.14, Raghuvanahalli, Kanakapura Road, Bengaluru - 560109."
